[improve][doc] Add information for Get Started and clarify configurations for JWT (#16134)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/getting-started-helm.md

3. In Pulsar Manager UI, you can create an environment. 

>    - Click the `New Environment` button in the top-left corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Click **New Environment** in the upper-left corner.
```
no `the` and bold: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=kix.m5ccxnsf33mu

upper-left: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.9erkgdfwfyp4

   - Type `pulsar-mini` for the field `Environment Name` in the popup window.
   - Type `http://pulsar-mini-broker:8080` for the field `Service URL` in the popup window.

>    - Click the `Confirm` button in the popup window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Click **Confirm** in the popup window.
```
